{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29420\viewh17820\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs60 \cf0 Create a scheduling app using React for the front end. The style should be modern, impressive, and professional, featuring both light and dark themes with hot pink gradient accents.\
\
If a user is not logged in, they should see a scheduling landing page where they can choose a 1-hour or 2-hour consultation with me. Once a duration is chosen, the user is presented with available time slots in a calendar format. When a specific day is clicked, the user can select an available time. Optionally, users should see 'Login' or 'Register' buttons at the top of the navigation bar.\
\
Once a time is selected and the user hits confirm, they will be prompted to enter their name, email, and consultation needs. Afterward, they are directed to a simulated PayPal checkout to complete the purchase. Once the payment is complete, a success screen appears with an option to register or log in.\
\
If a user is already logged in, they are directed to a 'My Schedule dashboard. This page should also include a button to \'91Schedule a New Consultation,' which follows the same scheduling flow, but automatically adds the new consultation to their scheduling tab upon completion.\
\

\f1\b\fs94 Important: For now, the app should be built entirely in demo mode. Users should be able to simulate logging in, paying, and scheduling any time.\
\
\
Admin prompt:\
\

\f0\b0 Add an admin dashboard view, which is currently activated when a user signs in with the email \'91spenser12@gmail.com' and any password.\
\
Admins should see every scheduled session in their dashboard, sorted into 'Past', 'Tomorrow', and 'Upcoming' categories. They need the ability to cancel sessions, reschedule events, and manually add free events.\
\
Also, add a payment dashboard showing all user payments with analytical widgets at the top (populate this with demo data for visualization). Include a 'Clients' tab listing all users who have registered in the app.\
\
Finally, allow admins to set their availability schedule in their profile and block out specific dates, similar to Calendly's scheduling settings.\
\

\f1\b\fs116 Rules for scheduling app.\

\f0\b0\fs94 \
Create rules for my scheduling app.\
\
There is a main schedule collection. This collection can be viewed by anyone and doesn't require sign in. Users with admin role are the only ones who can edit it.\
\
There is a main bookings collection. All users, even if they are not signed in can view the collection create new bookings inside the collection. Editing the booking is available only to admins and the user who created it.\
\
Users can view edit their own data at all levels. Admins can view and edit everyone's data at all levels. Admins are identified by the field role in users.\
\

\f1\b\fs124 Prompt for Login & Registration
\f0\b0 \

\fs94 Now that our Firebase backend is initialized, it is time to connect our frontend to it. We will prompt Antigravity to replace our demo login screens with real, functioning authentication.\

\f1\b \
Submit the Auth Prompt
\f0\b0 \
Copy the prompt below and paste it into Antigravity. Be sure to replace the placeholder SDK at the bottom of the prompt with the real Firebase SDK you copied earlier in the setup phase.\
\

\f1\b PROMPT:
\f0\b0 \
Add authentication with email/password and google using Firebase. Add forgot password functionality.\
\
When a user registers without Google, show a form with email, name, password, repeat password.\
\
After registration, the user should be lead to an email verification screen, prompting the user to check their email, click the link and come back to sign in.\
\
If a user books a session without signing in, use anonymous sign in.\
\
Here is my Firebase SDK:\
\
// Import the functions you need from the SDKs you need\
import \{ initializeApp \} from "firebase/app";\
// TODO: Add SDKs for Firebase products that you want to use\
// https://firebase.google.com/docs/web/setup#available-libraries\
\
// Your web app's Firebase configuration\
const firebaseConfig = \{\
  apiKey: "AIzaSyCCoGnKY6VIW4530WANcSFKABpZBJWfX8Y",\
  authDomain: "schedule-mtmt.firebaseapp.com",\
  projectId: "schedule-mtmt",\
  storageBucket: "schedule-mtmt.firebasestorage.app",\
  messagingSenderId: "983040979721",\
  appId: "1:983040979721:web:24981ef9e9c79be6bdd9d8"\
\};\
\
// Initialize Firebase\
const app = initializeApp(firebaseConfig);\
\
}